[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
PICTURE DAY
[Naoko humming]
Hm?
[Naoko screams]
[exhilarating music playing]
Good morning!
-[Naoko] Good morning.
-Huh?
What's wrong?
[Naoko] Nothing.
This new poetry book is so good,
I just can't put it down.
I see...
Whoa! A crab is doing the Hopak dance!
What! Where?
Where's the Hopak-dancing crab?
-Naoko...
-U-Uhm...
-Today's picture day, right?
-[Erika] Yes.
Of all places,
I had to get a pimple right here.
That's so small, no one will notice
unless you tell them.
-[Naoko] Really?
-Sure!
[Naoko] Like really for real?
-Sorry.
-I knew it!
[sighs] Life is awful.
[gasps]
[shouting] Mr. R3!
Hey! No running in the hallway.
May I ask for a favor?
You know it's picture day, right?
Can I photoshop mine?
Of course not.
But Hollywood stars
and celebrities do it all the time!
You are neither a Hollywood star
nor a celebrity.
Then, can I take a selfie on my phone?
I know the cutest angles for me
better than anyone.
-No.
-Why?
A professional photographer will capture
you exactly as you are, so don't worry.
Oh, I'll be late for the staff meeting.
[Naoko screams]
There should be no flying
in the hallways either!
Humpf!
[gasps]
I think it's gotten bigger than before...
The zit is growing...
[giggles]
[gasps]
[groaning]
Kana! What are you doing?
I'm in despair.
Despair?
It's picture day
and I have a pimple under my nose.
[gasps]
Oh!
-Ah!
-It's been so hard.
I completely forgot today was picture day.
And of all places, it's under the nose...
[both sighs]
If it were on the forehead,
we could at least hide it with our bangs.
That's it! We just need to hide it!
I borrowed makeup from the drama club.
Wow! [giggles]
[humming] How's this?
Huh... If I'm further away and...
If I squint my eyes, I don't see it.
Really?
Yeah! I don't see it at all!
Whoa!
Naoko, you have a huge zit
under your nose!
It's picture day. That sucks!
I would've skipped school if it were me.
Puberty sure is rough.
I'm glad I'm a baby!
It's embarrassing because it's a pimple.
If we make it into a mole,
it'd look more natural.
Naoko, you're a genius.
-Mmm.
[humming]
Oh?
Hi, Halley!
Ew. You both have boogers
under your noses.
It's picture day today, isn't it?
Photos are forever
so you need to look proper.
[both groaning]
Make weird faces to hide the pimple! Mmm!
You're so smart!
[chuckles, whoops]
[Naoko] This'll last forever?
I'd just want to forget about this... Um...
[both sighs]
[sighs] If I can just punch myself
from yesterday
for binging on chocolate covered nuts.
[sighs]
Can't it be fashionable to have a zit
under your nose right now?
[both sighs]
-Arf, arf! Arf, arf!
-Huh?
[cheers, laughs]
Hey Kana, maybe our pimples
aren't such serious problems.
Huh?
Look at everyone at our school.
-[Mutchan barks]
-[Leonard] You really stand out.
-[Hosoi] That makes me happy.
-[laughing]
[Mr. R3] Hey, no driving
on the playground!
Babu, babu... Babu, babu.
I want to go see BingBang in concert!
[indistinct chatter, laughs]
A zit under the nose really means nothing.
That's true. It makes us unique.
It could even be considered charming!
Yeah. They say a pimple
is a symbol of youth!
Right.
In 20 years, we'll look back
and laugh at the time
we had these pimples.
Yes, these photos will be
memories of our youth.
Pimples fade away,
but not the memory of our youth!
-That's the spirit! [laughs]
-[laughs]
[Keisuke] Ladies first.
Girls, please go ahead.
Ms. Naoko Watanabe, you are last in line.
But why? You said ladies first.
You turn into Gauko,
which means you're a dinosaur.
What? I'm not right now.
But if you turn into Gauko,
we can't have you rampaging
and ruining the photo shoot.
Ms. Watanabe,
please go to the end of the line.
That's horrible! She's Naoko now,
so what's the problem?
It's okay, Kana.
Keisuke Saito has a point.
Naoko...
I can go last.
-Okay, I'll see you later.
-[Naoko] Okay.
[Keisuke] Girls,
please have your photos taken.
Halley!
[Naoko] Halley is a comet, right?
So a comet is okay but not a dinosaur?
Wait, can a comet even be a girl?
Arf, arf! [laughs]
[Mutchan] Naoko, come on,
get your picture taken.
[Keisuke] Ms. Naoko Watanabe will go last,
since she is a female dinosaur.
[echoing] A female dinosaur.
A female dinosaur.
[roaring] What!
How dare you refer to me as "a female"!
I might turn into a dinosaur,
but I'm still a human girl, too!
-[yelps]
-Do not discriminate against dinosaurs!
[roars]
[Naoko] I did it again...
[beeping]
[gasps]
The pimple is gone, hooray!
Seriously!
The school photos are ready.
[Kana] Oh, let me see! Let me see!
[Naoko] Wow! [laughs]
Huh?
-Kana, your pimple is gone.
-[Kana chuckles]
My friend's on the student photo committee
so I had her do some photoshopping for me.
But...
Aren't your eyes a little bigger, too?
[giggles] Might as well, right?
No fair.
Don't worry! I asked them
to erase your pimple, too.
[Naoko] Really?
[Kana] And, I had them make
your eyes bigger, too.
[Naoko] Why is it a picture of Gauko?
Well, er, you were Gauko
when they took the photo...
Oh, come on!
You could've used a normal photo!
[Naoko roars]
[Kana, Erika screams]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪